<!-- Generate a new file using -->
<!-- sed -e "s/\View by: program series or speaker name/My story/" -e "s/\170334118/156128780/" -e "s/\view-by-170334118/`git_current_branch`/g" template.md | tee "`git_current_branch`.md" -->

# View by: program series or speaker name

## Related documentation

## Pivotal Story

* [View by: program series or speaker name](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/170334118)

## Git branch

* [view-by-170334118](https://github.com/HammerMuseum/hammer-datastore/tree/view-by-170334118)

## Description

**As a user browsing the archive, I want to see videos grouped by Programs Series so I can see the wider context as curated by the Museum**

## Requirements to test
* Access to a testing environment
* Access to AssetBank
* The ability to run the Data Adapter
* Access to Elasticsearch/Kibana

## Test Plan
### Program Series
* Login to AssetBank
* Edit a video
    * Do you see the "Program Series" drop-down in the list of editable attributes?
* Choose a "Program Series" from the list of existing options in the drop-down.
* Save the video.
* Edit another video
* Add a "Program Series" by entering the title in the box labelled "Or, add new value".


* Run the data adapter using the documentation in the `harvester` directory.
    * Do you see confirmation that the run completed successfully?
* Check in Elasticsearch by searching for the assets that you updated, by names or asset IDs.
    * Is the chosen `program_series` now a part of the record?
    
    
* Query the API on the program series with the following:

        /api/search?program_series=[name_of_series]
        
    * Are you returned a JSON response with your expected results?
    
##Speakers
* Repeat all of the Program Series steps but for the Speakers attribute in AssetBank.
* The equivalent to adding a new option when editing the asset, is to click "Manage Master List" and add your option there.
* The API query should now be:

        /api/search?speakers=[name_of_speaker]
    
    
