<!-- Generate a new file using -->
<!-- sed -e "s/\View by: program series or speaker name/My story/" -e "s/\170334118/156128780/" -e "s/\view-by-170334118/`git_current_branch`/g" spec-template.md | tee "`git_current_branch`.md" -->

# View by: program series or speaker name

This is a specification for providing users with the ability to view videos by program series or speaker name.

## Pivotal story

[View by: program series or speaker name](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/170334118)

## Git branch

[view-by-170334118](https://github.com/HammerMuseum/hammer-datastore/view-by-170334118)

## Story description

**As a user browsing the archive, I want to see videos grouped by Programs Series so I can see the wider context as curated by the Museum**

Here is a list of the Program Series, with links to the Programs Series on staging: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bq7ku108QwzK7LlQ2iNm4P3Vv8mZpLJT4HzKnlcQLUc/edit#gid=0

This would be a new facet on the search page.

Would need:
- a new field in the Asset Bank schema to hold the value for the Program Series. This should be a pre-approved list rather than free text entry. 
- update data adaptor to extract the field from AB and add the field to Elasticsearch
- update to Elasticsearch mapping to add new keyword field for the `program_series` field
- the new field is not a required field, not all programs are part of a series

Currently there is no data for Program Series in the [master inventory](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HGoDFJ_wQPGzQ-1zfC-CaQRnBtHbYMm-1UOvS82FQZk/edit#gid=0), so this will need to be developed with dummy data initially.

---
**Acceptance Criteria**
- Can I assign an asset to be part of a program series?
- Can I create a new program series name in Asset Bank?
- Can I make an API request to return a list of videos filtered by the program_series field? 

## Implementation
* Create a new dropdown attribute in AssetBank for "Program Series"
    * The attribute should be 'extendable' and allow users to add new
     options to it.
* Add the new attribute to the Video asset type
* Create a new Keyword Picker attribute in AssetBank for "Speakers".
* Add the new attribute to the Video asset type
* Update Elasticsarch mapping to add new keyword field for `program_series`.
* The field can be left empty / is not required
* Update Elasticsearch mapping to add new keyword field for `speakers`.
* Update the data adapter to export the new attributes in its run.
* Update the data adapter to include these values when creating new video records in Elasticsearch.
* Update the query parameters in `Search.php` to accept `program_series` and `speakers`.


## Documentation required
